hello my gamers greet you jayson's
new today I come to do the gameplay
of the game resistance burning skies for
feet vita this is the main menu
then we have the modality of a
player and multiplayer and this is for the
official contract to play online
then we will accept and then
let's play the multiplayer then
the game needs online code step
online then we go to the modality at
less here we look for the game to play
online of all modes can be
team duel duel all against
all his survival that is killing
the soldiers and the first ones yes leaving
the soldiers and for that they show
soldiers become first and so
successively until killing the last
Soldier is already our equipment
we have three modalities this game
mind is commented as the maps are
very big are cool
sing the way of all the weapons that
we have then at the level
depending on the level come it's going to be more
easy so then it's
the counter of this rifle type and they are
many times with the submachine gun also
it's macana and this is the sugar side
hitch see then let's say the improvements
if you do not want to be able to make
our weapon say let's damage the projectile
all together shoots both projectiles at
the time that they shoot shoot the
two castles connect it
and we also have the pomegranate fruits
the nothing of needles on the one of
fragmentation and then we have to go
to spill our equipment equipment
so then to my favorite and
statistics let's say the total score the
deaths that we have made the deaths the
proportion assists precision be
has everything well counted the table the
leaders of the best goal number one
has that score and so on
descending
68 times enough audio options
controls credits
then until like the the player
let say
is for a new game options
also the cultural audios the tco
head
I've been playing online for a while now
then already enabled my weapons in
all levels to place all the
new that is the first that effective is
of 8 players 4 against 4 to play it
online
by dell or by teams to canada for
choose let's say the floors that we want and
ready and to our map
its very cool game let's see what they
seems to think that they become the root of
low if they like it if they wanted it
so also did her story
to play
later on I will be more specific and
every game is because in the had
so long to select what
we want to use and here to load the
crossbow
sakari orava
where are those that you will see
I was
the time
but regenerate
but the crossbow
and we run with low arrow
the little let's go, we run
let's say the map how
let's see depending on how many
let's say deaths with him by teams that
we're
so
the first two are our enemies
before the soldiers seems the only duty
of all
graphics are very good but here it
we use the touch part of the rear
I ground the touch screen for let's say
knife throw the grenade and load
our
then they drag her into them
now after killing her
but no
do not count
and if we kill him
reason 100 points
in the experience then he is arrested
It has a good graphic and
and
you can see that it is throwing back
there they are sent to the great
external armed
in my friend solder
there are 6 for the younger how much are we going
low we press select appears
then we are 3 against 2 and says the
proportion and all be specific
are our friends
let's go with x
we feel it close
well characterize the other
three types of weapons
we send the show to be the zoom
it will be late
as it appears in gaza were to notice the
others on the fence
of g
navigating by bike you will see
very well
this kind of losing for three deaths
and so is the game to say you liked it
please comment on like subscribe to
my channel up so much friends